# Cole's project

The test begins by users placing an object to be magnetically screened on a rotating plate. The rotating plate will be moved at a constant, controlled speed to have data collected from it by two Twinleaf VMR magnetometers at two different distances away. The magnetometers will measure the x, y, z components of the magnetic field B. The data collection will begin when the plate begings rotating and will end after a set amount of full rotations.
The data will go through a Welch function Fourier transform to minimize noise and produce more accurate results. The data will be then input into a Python 3 function that measures the angle and magnitude of the object's magnetic dipole moment at each orientation, then projects the dipole moment into its strongest orientation to find the largest stray field an object can produce 1 meter away. The Python 3 function will still need the lengths of the 3 orientations rested on the plate to better calculate distance from the magnetometer for far far better accuracy on the stray field calculation. These 3 lengths will need to be input manually by a technician. 
Finally, the program/website will need to print out 3 lines. (1) The best fit dipole moment from the object's data, (2) The stray field in nanoTesla 1 meter away, and (3) an indication the object has passed the test if its dipole moment is <.05, fail if the dipole moment is >.05, and a caution if the dipole moment is .0475 < m < .05. The name of the object along with the 3 previous recordings should be automatically saved to a document and the technician can move to screen the next item.
